===Adventure Sphinx 0.1=== 

This package should build and install the exectuable called 
adventure_sphinx, which is an entirely speech based role playing 
adventure game.  The game itself is "Colossal Cave Adventure", and the 
speech recognition engine used is CMU Sphinx, and the TTS engine used is 
Festival.  PortAudio is used for recording input. You will need to have 
these libraries installed to build this program. (They are in a 
nonstandard place, you might have to tell autoconf where they are).

Once installed, simply execute "adventure_sphinx" to start playing the 
game.  The only command line options are -sthresh, which determines the 
threshold in dB which your voice must exceed to trigger the recording 
start, and -ethresh, which similarly determines at what level it will be 
assumed you have stopped speaking (Use negative numbers, as you want to 
measure dB *below* the maximum level of your input.  Also, the recording 
bars will visually indicate where these thresholds are, so you can tweak 
the parameters to match your current environment).  Any other option 
will be treated as a save file from which to load the game (as per the 
original "adventure" game).  Once the game has started, all interaction 
is voice based, except if you are asked to enter the name of a save 
file.  The text output is just for debugging, and it can help you 
understand how the speech recognizer is misunderstanding you.

Have fun playing, and remember, it really can't understand even 
moderately complex sentences.  You sentences essentially have to all be 
two words, ignoring filler words like prepositions.  Also, if it fails 
to recognize a word, try again, but if after several tries it's still 
not working, most likely that word is not in its vocabulary.

Credits:

This program is derived from a project for a class in "Spoken Language 
Processing" written by Jeremy Salwen, Connie Liu, and Laima Tazmin.

This is a rewritten version by Jeremy Salwen.

Contact:

If you have comments, suggestions, bug reports, or hate mail, please 
email jeremysalwen@gmail.com.
